NFT Library (#42)
FuelLabs/sway-libs: sway_libs/src/nft/README.md

## Overview

A non-fungible token (NFT) is a unique token that has an identifier which distinguishes itself from other tokens within the same token contract. Unlike Fuel's Native Assets, these tokens are not fungible with one another and may contain metadata or other traits giving them distinctive characteristics.

> While NFTs are commonly associated with artwork / collectibles, there are many greater utilities beyond that which have yet to be written for the Fuel Network.

Reviewer: Totally up to you but if you wanted to you could provide an example such as [short positions](https://opyn.gitbook.io/squeeth/contracts/core-contracts)

For more information please see the [specification](./SPECIFICATION.md).

# Using the Library

## Getting Started

In order to use the `NFT` library, Sway-libs must be added to the Forc.toml file and then imported into your Sway project. To add Sway-libs as a dependency to the Forc.toml in your project please see the [README.md](../../../README.md).

```rust
use sway_libs::nft::*;
```

## Basic Functionality

> Once imported, a `NFT` can be minted by calling the `mint` function.

Reviewer: I'm like 95% sure "a" is correct here

A non-fungible token (NFT) is a unique token that has an identifier which distinguishes itself from other tokens within the same token contract. Unlike Fuel's Native Assets, these tokens are not fungible with one another and may contain metadata or other traits giving them distinctive characteristics.

> The current widlely used case for NFTs is artwork / collectibles such as 10k minted token collections. However, there are other utilities which have yet to be written for the Fuel Network which include DeFi protocol short positions, deeds, and more. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some common applications of an NFT include artwork / collectibles, DeFi short positions, deeds, and more.
```
